NCL Composer v0.1.6 Release Notes
=================================

This release includes many improvements in the 'Layout View' (including a new
toolbar) and 'Structural View' (including a new minimap for navigation).
Moreover, it also brings a lot of bug fixes.

Updates since v0.1.5
--------------------

New features & UI (GUI & Plug-ins)

  * Added the NCL Composer version to SplashScreen. (#525)

  * Update messages now are based on the NCL Composer version. (#535)

  * 'Structural View' now shows an underline mark in entities with error. (#412)

  * A minimap for global visualization and navigation in the 'Structural View'.
    (#463)

  * Add a toolbar to include new regions, enable/disable grid, align options,
    export ... in the 'Layout View'.

  * Mouse over <bind> now shows a tooltip in the form: "condition(id#area)".
    (#521)

  * Port elements with errors are now marked in red. (#543)

  * Layout: Added combobox to change the current regionBase in the 'Layout
    View'. (#571)

  * Add support for suggestion in properties names in the 'Textual View'. (#606)

Performance & Internal Implementation

  * Update with the QScintilla version 2.7. (#360)

Bug fixes

  * Correct URL links in the Welcome Screen. (#536)

  * Highlight of context/switch in the 'Structural View' while creating a link
    was not working. (#393)

  * The system crashed after a bind associated with a interface of a reused
    entity was deleted. (#488)

  * Creating a port to an area or other port (in a context inside the other) in
    the 'Structural View' was not working. (#544)

  * A link from a port to another port in the 'Strucutral View' crashed NCL
    Composer. (#545)

  * The cursor position, in the 'Textual View' when inserting a new attribute
    through autocomplete is now inside the attribute value. (#605)

  * Combobox was not being updated when the current selected regionBase
    was changed in the 'Layout View'. (#613)

  * The identifier of the regionBase (attr. 'id') was not being updated in the 
    regionBase combobox in the 'Layout View'. (#615)

