## NCL Composer v0.2.0 Release Notes

This release is mainly intended to improve performance and solves a lot a bugs.
Other main feature is the support to Qt 5.x. With regards to source code, major
refactoring was performed since the previous release.

### Updates since v0.1.9

New features & UI (GUI and Plug-ins)

  * Support to Qt 5.x (#542). Default is still Qt 4.8.6.

  * Change executable name to `nclcomposer.exe` (#719)
  
  * Remove 'close button' from Welcome tab. (#661)

  * Layout now handles zIndex (#411)

  * Order of attributes of element <region> is now fixed in the textual view.
    (#633)

  * Safe area drawing support (#645)

  * Ask the user if he is sure when deleting the body or a context in
    structural view. (#638)

  * Drag over a region in the layout view highlights the region. (#640)

  *  Add a default id when creating a rule in rules view. (#675)

  * Set a default operator (`and`) when creating a composite rule in the rules
    view. (#676)

  * Default instance attribute is now "instSame" when creating a reference in
    the structural view. (#701)

  * Support to keyboard commands (e.g. LEFT, RIGHT, UP, DOWN) to move regions
    in the layout view. (#705)

  * Support to keyboard (e.g. SHIFT+LEFT, SHIFT+RIGHT, SHIFT+UP, SHIFT+DOWN)
    commands to move regions through small steps. (#709)

  * `Add region` command is now at the first level in contextual menu in the
    layout view. (#720)

 
Performance & Internal Implementation

  * Keep NCL_STRUCTURE attribute order in the textual view. (#665)

  * Textual: Update to QScintilla 2.8. (#667)

  * Move NCL Language Profile to composer-plugin sub-project. (#708)

  * Add a message in the API which allows for adding a subtree to the document.
    (#711)

  * Only call onEntityAdded for the src plug-in after did it for all the others.
    (#712)

  * Change addEntity with a subtree to allow the specification of the parameter
    'format'. (#713)

  * Make a standard name convention to plugin dll/so. (#702)

  * In addition, a lot of refactoring and improved code conventions has been
    performed in this release.


Bug fixes

  * Keep the project (or should it be global?) settings for screen size in
    layout view. (#372)

  * Invalid characters when drag and drop media objects. (#648)

  * Layout grid is not being drawn. (#649)

