## NCL Composer v0.1.5 Release Notes

NCL Composer v0.1.5 is mainly a bug fixes release.

### Updates since v0.1.4

New features & UI (GUI and Plug-ins)

  * When creating a new Project, the option "Copy and Import the default 
    Connector Base" is now the default one. (#500)

  * Added an option to create a default regionBase when creating a new project.
    (#533)

  * If there is an error in an Entity, mouse over in the 'Structural View'
    shows that error. (#452)

  * When the user creates a region, it is now added with a zIndex greater than
    the other already existent regions. (#420)

  * The link dialog in the 'Structural View' is now showed in the center of the
    current screen (even when a multi-screen desktop is used). (#480)

  * 'Parameter Window' at the 'Structural View' shows bindParam, only if it is
    related to the double-clicked bind. (#484)
 
  * Autocomple for 'moveUp', 'moveDown', 'moveLeft', 'moveRight'. (#531)

  * Reorganizing how the plug-ins are shown on the screen when NCL Composer is
    opened Composer for the first time. (#532)

Main bug fixes

  * Update min message id is not updated when the user update NCL Composer. (#478)

  * When a View is floating the menu Window->Show View was not showing such
    View. (#485)

  * Structural: Fix <link> considering the size of nodes. (#322)

  * Structural: Adding bindParam from outside structural view was not being
    reflected in structural view. (#446)

  * Textual: transition was not being suggested as child of transitionBase.
    (#492)

  * Layout: Project settings was not saving the grid related preference. (#514)

