## NCL Composer v0.4.0 Release Notes

The main features in this version are the support for themes and the optional
support for showing the body element in the structural view.

### Updates since v0.3.0

New features & UI (GUI and Plug-ins)

  * Remove the main toolbar.

  * Add CTRL+W keybinding for closing the current project. #13

  * Add "Help->Keyboard shortcuts" menu. #15

  * Add support to command line options. #9

  * "Report bug" action in "Help->Report bug" now points to github. #14

  * F5 key sequence now updates the current selected view model. #18

  * Show plugin path in the "Plugin Details" dialog. #19

  * Remove "Run configuration" (we now use the run view plugin for that). #17

  * It is now possible to dynamic change the NCL Composer theme. 

  * Perspective toolbar is not shown in the "Welcome page" anymore. #11

  * textual: Support the synchronization between the text view and the other
    views without open a dialog. #58

  * textual: Remove the end-tag when adding a slash in the open-tag. #33

  * outline: Add menu option to open media object with default system editor.
    #101

  * outline: add role/component info to <bind/> in the outline view. #103

  * structural: remove the body visualization from the structural view. #39

  * structural: A new "delete" action in the toolbar. #50

  * layout: An updated toolbar #51 with many new actions (show/hide safe area
    #38, zoom in/out/original #53 #60 etc.)

  * layout: Clone region with CTRL+click and moving regions enhancement. #35

  * layout: A new combobox to select the current regionBase resolution. #40

  * run: Add "Ctrl+R" shortcut to run the current document. #97

Performance & Internal Implementation

  * All: c++11 by default. #1

  * We move to cmake as our default building system. #2 
  
  * A new QSS-based themes support.

  * Add support for variables in style.qss. #20

  * Change the default plugin path from 'extensions' to 'plugins'. #4

  * Improved performance when loading plugins. #6

Bug fixes

  * structural: Copy/paste  use a new id for the media enhancement. #98

  * structural: bind does not update/redraw when the "component" attribute is
    changed by another plugin. #21

  * Recent projects aren't loading correctly. #8

  * and many other ().
